---
description: Timestamps for this meeting are being transcribed
---

# 31st March, 2021, NFT-DAO General Meeting

## 31st March, 2021, NFT-DAO General Meeting

{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O06zjbC55HM" caption="" %}

Note: timestamps are external links

## Introduction / Agenda - [0.02](https://youtu.be/O06zjbC55HM?t=2) - Rich Kopcho

> Contributions, Overview from Team Leaders, New People to Introduce

### Introducing Jonathan - [0.31](https://youtu.be/O06zjbC55HM?t=31) - Tyler Wales

Jonathan has background in product management and design

Excited to have him onboard to help drive the MVP Auction

### Jonathan - [0.57](https://youtu.be/O06zjbC55HM?t=57)

From Dusty Lubbock, Texas. Always Dusty sometimes Sunny. Sometimes Texas.

> Worked in product design space for 10 years. Most experience in Higher Education doing marketing growth and front-end development.
>
> Developed financial services with Fintechs and regional banking.
>
> Overlap in NFTs between Finance and Education

### Introducing Bruno - [2.44](https://youtu.be/O06zjbC55HM?t=164) - Rich Kopcho

> Bruno from France is a finance expert with a background in blockchain. Bruno will address what financial models need to look like as we move towards governance, how existing DAOs have rolled out their finances and consider the regulatory environment.

### Governance Token - [3.35](https://youtu.be/O06zjbC55HM?t=215) - Rich Kopcho

> How do we reward ourselves now with something that has some future viability ?

### Contribution Token - [4.16](https://youtu.be/O06zjbC55HM?t=256) - Michael @Yagi, Tyler Wales

> Naming the token - TIES \(e.g. railroad ties from Boxcar analogy\). Tying the group together.

### Contribution Token Overview - [4.45](https://youtu.be/O06zjbC55HM?t=285) - Rich Kopcho

> Like some feedback on contribution tokens
>
> Something that will imbue value over time.
>
> Akin to the badcryptopodcast guys method of reward
>
> Reference

{% embed url="https://badcryptopodcast.com/" %}

> Tie token to NFTs

### Discussion - [6.33](https://youtu.be/O06zjbC55HM?t=384) - Tyler Wales, Rich Kopcho

> How do you reward someone for their potential to produce artwork ?

### Mentoring - [6.46](https://youtu.be/O06zjbC55HM?t=406) - Stephen Rowan

> A reward for mentoring people - a mentor or TIE token.
 
> People are incentivized to help other people.

### Mentor of the Year Plaque - [7.39](https://youtu.be/O06zjbC55HM?t=459) - Rich Kopcho

> Some evidence of contribution is always worthwhile

### Auction MVP - [8.29](https://youtu.be/O06zjbC55HM?t=509) - Rich Kopcho

> Auction HOLON group planning to meet for the first time on Thursday 1st April 2021
 
### Development - [9.20](https://youtu.be/O06zjbC55HM?t=560) - Michael @Yagi

> First kick-off meeting. First week starting development.

> 6 core developers. Front, Back end and an Architect.

> Team broke out into sections and did spikes (deep-dives into problems) on frameworks and techologies that we will be used.

### Marketing - [10.12](https://youtu.be/O06zjbC55HM?t=612) - Tyler Wales

> Art Marketplace Minimum Viable Product (MVP) naming experiment / process

> Put out survey to Discord community to vote on names
 
> We need to refine voting/decision making processes within the DAO
 
> *Akadia* was a popular choice in the top percentage of marketing choice names 
